README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hello There 👋, Im Elías Leguizamón</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate BackEnd developer from Argentina :argentina:!</h3>

<p align="center"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eliasleguizamon123&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="eliasleguizamon123" /> </p>



- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Platform like Stack overflow](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/lucaPlatform)

- 🔭 Also in [Status card project](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/CredencialesCopitec), and in [Flipper Color](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/colorFlipper)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **React JS**, you can see my progress [here](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/bootcampReact)

- 💬 Ask me about **NodeJS**

- 📫 How to reach me **elias.leguizamon1997@gmail.com**


<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EliasLeguizamon123/EliasLeguizamon123/main/Public/mySeparator.png" alt="postman" width="100%" height="40"/>

<h3 align="left">My Social Medias ✉️:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/eliasleguizamon/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eliasleguizamon/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/xm0l3x" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/stackoverflow.svg" alt="xm0l3x" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerearth.com/@elias_leguizamo1" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.1.0/icons/hackerearth.svg" alt="@elias_leguizamo1" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EliasLeguizamon123/EliasLeguizamon123/main/Public/mySeparator.png" alt="postman" width="100%" height="40"/>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools 🔣:</h3>

<p>
  <img alt="Nodejs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-43853d?style=flat-square&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-NPM-CB3837?style=flat-square&logo=npm&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="html5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-13aa52?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Heroku" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Heroku-430098?style=flat-square&logo=heroku&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-45b8d8?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-46a2f1?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />  
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MySQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Express" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-a3a3a3?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Pug" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pug-805137?style=flat-square&logo=pug&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Postman" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-f06213?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Linux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-000000?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Javascript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-f2d200?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=white" />
  
</p>

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EliasLeguizamon123/EliasLeguizamon123/main/Public/mySeparator.png" alt="postman" width="100%" height="40"/>

<h3 align="left">My Github Stats 📚:</h3>

<p>&nbsp;
  <img align="left" width="50%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=eliasleguizamon123&show_icons=true&theme=onedark" alt="eliasleguizamon123" /> 
  <img align="center" width="30%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eliasleguizamon123&layout=compact&theme=onedark" alt="eliasleguizamon123"/>
</p>

Commit message:

add quotes platform
i learning about mongoDB in atlas too

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hello There 👋, Im Elías Leguizamón</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate BackEnd developer from Argentina :argentina:!</h3>

<p align="center"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eliasleguizamon123&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="eliasleguizamon123" /> </p>



- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Platform like Stack overflow](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/lucaPlatform)

- 🔭 Also in [Status card project](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/CredencialesCopitec), and in [Flipper Color](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/colorFlipper)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **React JS**, you can see my progress [here](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/bootcampReact)

- 🌱 Also, im learning too **MongoDB in Atlas**, you can see my progress [here](https://github.com/EliasLeguizamon123/quotesPlatform)

- 💬 Ask me about **NodeJS**

- 📫 How to reach me **elias.leguizamon1997@gmail.com**


<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EliasLeguizamon123/EliasLeguizamon123/main/Public/mySeparator.png" alt="postman" width="100%" height="40"/>

<h3 align="left">My Social Medias ✉️:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/eliasleguizamon/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eliasleguizamon/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/xm0l3x" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/stackoverflow.svg" alt="xm0l3x" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerearth.com/@elias_leguizamo1" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.1.0/icons/hackerearth.svg" alt="@elias_leguizamo1" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EliasLeguizamon123/EliasLeguizamon123/main/Public/mySeparator.png" alt="postman" width="100%" height="40"/>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools 🔣:</h3>

<p>
  <img alt="Nodejs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-43853d?style=flat-square&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-NPM-CB3837?style=flat-square&logo=npm&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="html5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-13aa52?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Heroku" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Heroku-430098?style=flat-square&logo=heroku&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-45b8d8?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-46a2f1?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />  
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MySQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Express" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-a3a3a3?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Pug" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pug-805137?style=flat-square&logo=pug&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Postman" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-f06213?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Linux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-000000?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Javascript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-f2d200?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=white" />
  
</p>

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EliasLeguizamon123/EliasLeguizamon123/main/Public/mySeparator.png" alt="postman" width="100%" height="40"/>

<h3 align="left">My Github Stats 📚:</h3>

<p>&nbsp;
  <img align="left" width="50%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=eliasleguizamon123&show_icons=true&theme=onedark" alt="eliasleguizamon123" /> 
  <img align="center" width="30%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eliasleguizamon123&layout=compact&theme=onedark" alt="eliasleguizamon123"/>
</p>
